very good guys good let's start
for the installation of the games but a
long before we start we have to have
the morton that is this program and the
vote order is what we're going to
run on what we are going to download
now
ok if we have those two programs if
you do not have it in the description would have
a link to take to download it and
plus
we go to the link that will be called link of
download and entail here and here
we downloaded what would be the file
torrent allen we download it and once
downloaded would let us this file what
same
well as I said this is a file
torrent is missing the author and once
that we have it
and it will be possible to download vale but I have already
has downloaded we will leave
33 minutes
once downloaded the files by
defect I think it leaves the folder of
download vais voucher to the folder
download and there is a folder that is called
just like this one is called ' school today '
once downloaded we enter inside the
folder and we will have all these files
Wifi
well we only care about the
first that would be this we give you click with
the secondary and extract here
[Music]
once extracted from enlisting times of
crises are called from the folders but they
will come out an icon of ham tools and not
nothing will come out
well now what we have to do is
hey he hears the heap
[Music]
and once open we go to the file
in charge of bringing we click on the
secondary april with de motul
they tell you that you are mounting the image
and well we give double click
We accept control of accounts
user
and we give you an analysis in Spanish we're going
to accept
and we hope that the
components of these
once done this we give to next
everything that would be the installer and
we put here for example go down broken
we leave the first box to the first
applied we give it to next
and here we accept the terms of
license we give you next again
we leave this explained and we are going to
following
we are going to install and have expected a
little bit
[Music]
and good guys once already
downloading this part we give to
finalize we leave the file readme for
let him eat
and here it puts what the requirements had
well we close that and we would have to
have an icon on the desktop that in
this case is not but we're going to
search and we put boeing and here
we would have what it would be like to
to run the game I will ask
the game so you can see that it works and
nothing good guys we are already inside
what this would be would be what is the
tutorial to start
and nothing I leave here I hope as you the
game and see you in the next half
up to the person
[Music]
to pass
for more